So , how's it going with Sheldon , are you guys still not talking to each other ? Not only is he still not talking to me , but there's this thing he does where he stares at you and tries to get your brain to explode . You know , like in the classic sci-fi movie Scanners ? You know , bzzz-pchew ! Never mind . How about this one . It says , " I know my physics , but I'm still a fun guy! " Oh , hey , I didn't know they still made corduroy suits ! They don't , that's why I saved this one . Okay , well , let's just see what else you have . Okay , here , take this , and this , and this , and these . Is this all stuff you want me to try on ? No , this is stuff I want you to throw out . Oh . Seriously , don't even give it to charity , you won't be helping anyone . What's this . Oh , that's the bottled city of Kandor . Uh-huh . You see , Kandor was the capital city of the planet Krypton , it was miniaturised by Brainiac before Krypton exploded and then rescued by Superman . Oh , nice . It's a lot cooler when girls aren't looking at it . Here , why don't you put these on while I find a shirt and sport-coat to match . Great , be right back . Well , where you going , just put them on . Here ? Oh , are you shy ? No , I'm not shy . Don't worry , I won't look . I know you won't look , why would you look , there's nothing to see , well , not nothing ... . Sweetie , put the pants on . Putting them on . So , you know , isn't there maybe some way you and Sheldon could compromise on this whole presentation thing . No . No . Scientists do not compromise . Our minds are trained to synthesize facts and come to inarguable conclusions . Not to mention , Sheldon is batcrap crazy . What is this ? Oh , careful . That's my original series " [[Battlestar Galatica]] " flight suit . Oh , why didn't you wear it at Halloween ? Because it's not a costume , it's a flight suit . Okay , alright , moving on , oh , wow , a paisley shirt . Uh-huh , it goes with my corduroy suit . If you mean it should end up in the same place then , I agree . Is this your ... your only tie ? Ah . Technically yes , but , if you'll notice , it's reversible . So it works as two . Oh , sweetie , I don't think it even works as one . Is this all your clothes ? Yeah . Everything since the eighth grade . The ... the eighth grade ? My last growth spurt . Okay , well , I guess we're back to the corduroy suit . Great . Yup . I said no , put it down .
