Morning . Morning . I have to say , I slept splendidly . Granted , not long , but just deeply and well . I'm not surprised . A well known folk cure for insomnia is to break into your neighbor's apartment and clean . Sarcasm ? You think ? Granted , my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox , but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement of Penny's quality of life . You know what , you've convinced me , maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her carpet . You don't think that crosses a line ? Yes ! For God's sake , Sheldon , do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth . You have a sarcasm sign ? No , I do not have a sarcasm sign . Do you want some cereal . I'm feeling so good today I'm going to choose from the low fiber end of the shelf . Hello , Honey Puffs . align= " left " | Son of a Bitch ! Penny's up . You sick , geeky bastards ! How did she know it was us ? I may have left a suggested organizational schematic for her bedroom closet . align= " left " | Leonard ! God , this is going to be bad . Goodbye , Honey Puffs , hello Big Bran . You came into my apartment last night when I was sleeping ? Yes , but , only to clean . Really more to organize , you're not actually dirty , per se . Give me back my key . I'm very , very sorry . Do you understand how creepy this is . Oh , yes , we discussed it at length last night . In my apartment , while I was sleeping . And snoring . And that's probably just a sinus infection , but it could be sleep apnoea , you might want to see an otolaryngologist . It's a throat doctor . And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses ? Depending on the depth , that's either a proctologist or a general surgeon . Oh ! God ! Okay , look , no Penny , I think what you're feeling is perfectly valid , and maybe a little bit later today when you're feeling a little bit less , for lack of a better word , violated , maybe we could talk about this some more . Stay away from me . Sure , that's another way to go . Penny , Penny , just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave , is your objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping , or do you also object to the imposition of a new organizational paradigm . Well that was a little non-responsive . You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologize . What's funny ? That wasn't sarcasm ? No . Wooh , boy , you are all over the place this morning . I have a masters and two PhD's , I should not have to do this . What ? I am truly sorry for what happened last night , I take full responsibility . And I hope that it won't color your opinion of Leonard , who is not only a wonderful guy , but also , I hear , a gentle and thorough lover . I did what I could .
