This is Dr Sheldon Cooper . Yeah , I need to cancel my membership to the Planetarium . Yeah , well I'm sorry too , but there's just no room for you in my wallet . Yeah , I understand , but it was between you and the Museum of Natural History and , frankly , you don't have dinosaurs . Well I'll miss you too , bye bye . Okay , I know you're texting about me , and I'd really like you to stop . Oh dear , I am rightly and truly screwed . Hey , I thought you were finding new friends . I've got some feelers out . In the meantime , listen to this . Hi Rajesh , this is Lalita Gupta . Your mother gave my mother your phone number to give to me . So I'm calling you , and , ah ... call me back . Bye . Can you believe how pushy she is ? So don't call her . If I don't call her , I won't hear the end of it from my parents . So call her . How can I call her , you know I can't talk to women . I'm done , anybody else ? Give me the phone . Why ? Just give it to me . What are you doing ? Don't worry , you'll thank me . Hello Lalita , Raj Koothrappali . Yes it is good to talk to you too . So , what are you wearing . Oh , not important , so , anyhow , when would you like to meet . Friday works for me . And I call you with the time and place , but in the meantime , keep it real babe . You may now thank me . For what , making me sound like a Simpsons character ? Fine , next time make your own date . I didn't want to make this one . Look on the bright side , she might turn out to be a nice , beautiful girl . Great , then we'll get married , I won't be able to talk to her , and we'll spend the rest of our lives in total silence . Worked for my parents . Hi guys . Oh , hey . I need some guinea pigs . Okay , there's a lab animal supply company in Reseda you could try , but if your research is going to have human applications may I suggest white mice instead , their brain chemistry is far closer to ours . I swear to God , Sheldon , one day I'm going to get the hang of talking to you . His mom's been saying that for years . What's up ? Well , I finally convinced the restaurant to give me a bar tending shift , so I need to practice making drinks . Oh , great , well the key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition . With certain obvious exceptions . Suicide , for example . So Leonard , how about it ? Look , Penny , we'd love to help you , but Raj is going through some stuff right now . And besides , he doesn't drink , so ... Really ? Um , Raj is going through some stuff right now and he'd like to take up drinking .
