Alright , I'm moving my infantry division , augmented by a battalion of Orcs from Lord of the Rings , we flank the Tennessee Volunteers , and the North once again wins the Battle of Gettysburg . Not so fast , remember the South still has two infantry divisions , plus Superman and Godzilla . No , no , no , no , Orcs are magic , Superman is vulnerable to magic , not to mention , you already lost Godzilla to the Illinois Cavalry and Hulk . Why don't you just have Robert E. Lee charge the line with Shiva and Ganesh . Hi , you guys ready to order ? Hang on , honey . Shiva and Ganesh ? The Hindu Gods against the entire Union army ? And Orcs ! I'll be back . Excuse me , Ganesh is the remover of obstacles , and Shiva is the destroyer . When the smoke clears , Abraham Lincoln will be speaking Hindi and drinking mint juleps . Alright , my boss says you either have to order , or leave and never come back . What do you recommend for someone who worked up a man-sized appetite from a morning of weight training and cardio-funk ? A shower . I'll take the heart smart platter . Alright , thank you , and Sheldon . We don't eat here , I don't know what's good . Well , it's all good . Statistically unlikely . Just get a hamburger , you like hamburgers . I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers , you can't make the assumption that I'll like the hamburgers here . I'm sorry . Give him a hamburger . Uh , which one , the Classic Burger , the Ranch House Burger , the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe burger ? Can't we just go to Big Boy ? They only have one burger . The Big Boy . The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy . Excuse me , in a world that already includes the Big Boy , why would I settle for something like a Big Boy ? Because you are not at Big Boy ! Fine , I'll have the Barbecue Burger . Make it two . Waitresses don't yell at you at Big Boy . Hey Leonard , hi guys . Hey Lesley . I didn't know you ate here . We don't . This is a disturbing aberration . Lesley , this is Penny , she lives across the hall from Sheldon and me . And walks in quiet beauty like the night . Howard , I've asked you not to do that . Lesley and I do research together at the University . Oh , wow , a girl scientist . Yep , come for the breasts , stay for the brains . So , I'm glad I ran into you , the physics department string quartet needs a new cellist . What happened to Elliot Wong ? He switched over to high energy radiation research , had a little mishap , and now the other guys are uncomfortable sitting next to him . So , are you in ? Yeah , sure , why not . Great , we rehearse on Tuesdays at your place . Why at my place ? Yeah , the department of energy said our regular space is kind of a hot zone . Nice meeting you . Yeah , you too . Leonard , I didn't know you played the cello ? Yeah , my parents felt that naming me Leonard and putting me in advanced placement classes wasn't getting me beaten up enough . If you're into music , I happen to be a human beatbox . Really ? I'm actually not that into music . So hey , your friend's really cute , anything going on with you two . Lesley ? No , no-oh , what are you kidding ? He asked her out once , it was an embarrassing failure . Thank you Sheldon . Oh , I'm sorry , was that supposed to be a secret ? Oh , that's too bad , you guys would make a cute couple . Oh dear . What's the matter ? She didn't take my order . How can she take your order when you're too neurotic to talk to her . Nevertheless , this will be reflected in her tip .
