Okay , well , make yourself at home . Okay , thankyou . You're very welcome . This looks like some serious stuff , Leonard , did you do this ? Actually that's my work . Wow . Yeah , well , it's just some quantum mechanics , with a little string theory doodling around the edges . That part there , that's just a joke , it's a spoof of the Bourne-Oppenheimer approximation . So you're like , one of those , beautiful mind genius guys . Yeah . This is really impressive . I have a board . If you like boards , this is my board . Holy smokes . If by holy smokes you mean a derivative restatement of the kind of stuff you can find scribbled on the wall of any men's room at MIT , sure . What ? Oh , come on . Who hasn't seen this differential below " here I sit broken hearted? " At least I didn't have to invent twenty-six dimensions just to make the math come out . I didn't invent them , they're there . In what universe ? In all of them , that is the point . Uh , do you guys mind if I start ? Um , Penny ... that's where I sit . So , sit next to me . ... No , I sit there . What's the difference ? " What's the difference " ? Here we go . In the winter that seat is close enough to the radiator to remain warm , and yet not so close as to cause perspiration . In the summer it's directly in the path of a cross breeze created by open windows there , and there . It faces the television at an angle that is neither direct , thus discouraging conversation , nor so far wide to create a parallax distortion . I could go on , but I think I've made my point . Do you want me to move ? Well- Just sit somewhere else . Fine . Sheldon , sit ! Aaah ! Well , this is nice . We don't have a lot of company over . That's not true . Koothrapali and Wolowitz come over all the time . Yes , I know , but ... Tuesday night we played Klingon boggle until one in the morning . Yes , I remember . I resent you saying we don't have company . I'm sorry . That is an antisocial implication . I said I'm sorry . So , Klingon boggle ? Yeah , it's like regular boggle , but in Klingon . That's probably enough about us , tell us about you . Um , me , okay , I'm Sagittarius , which probably tells you way more than you need to know . Yes , it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the Sun's apparent position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations and the time of your birth somehow effects your personality . Participate in the what ? I think what Sheldon's trying to say , is that Sagittarius wouldn't have been our first guess . Oh , yeah , a lot of people think I'm a water sign . Okay , let's see , what else , oh , I'm a vegetarian , oh , except for fish , and the occasional steak , I love steak . That's interesting . Leonard can't process corn . Wu-uh , do you have some sort of a job ? Oh , yeah , I'm a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory . Oh , okay . I love cheesecake . You're lactose intolerant . I don't eat it , I just think it's a good idea . Oh , anyways , I'm also writing a screenplay . It's about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A . from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress , and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory . So it's based on your life ? No , I'm from Omaha . Well , if that was a movie I would go see it . I know , right ? Okay , let's see , what else ? Um , that's about it . That's the story of Penny . Well it sounds wonderful . It was . Until I fell in love with a jerk . What's happening . I don't know . Oh God , you know , four years I lived with him , four years , that's like as long as High School . It took you four years to get through High School ? Don't . I just , I can't believe I trusted him . Should I say something ? I feel like I should say something . You ? No , you'll only make it worse . You want to know the most pathetic part ? Even though I hate his lying , cheating guts , I still love him . Is that crazy ? Yes . No , it's not crazy it's , uh , uh , it's a paradox . And paradoxes are part of nature , think about light . Now if you look at Huygens , light is a wave , as confirmed by the double slit experiments , but then , along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too . Well , I didn't make it worse . Oh , I'm so sorry , I'm such a mess , and on top of everything else I'm all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn't even work . Our shower works . Really ? Would it be totally weird if I used it ? Yes . No . No ? No . No . It's right down the hall . Thanks . You guys are really sweet . Well this is an interesting development . How so ? It has been some time since we've had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment . That's not true , remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer's had that episode . Point taken . It has been some time since we've had a woman take her clothes off after which we didn't want to rip our eyes out . The worst part was watching her carve that turkey . So , what exactly are you trying to accomplish here ? Excuse me ? That woman in there's not going to have sex with you . Well I'm not trying to have sex with her . Oh , good . Then you won't be disappointed . What makes you think she wouldn't have sex with me , I'm a male and she's a female ? Yes , but not of the same species . I'm not going to engage in hypotheticals here , I'm just trying to be a good neighbor . Oh , of course . That's not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I wouldn't participate . However briefly . Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke Skywalker no-more-tears shampoo ? It's Darth Vader shampoo . Luke Skywalker's the conditioner . Wait till you see this . It's fantastic . Unbelievable . See what ? It's a Stephen Hawking lecture from MIT in 1974 . This is not a good time . It's before he became a creepy computer voice That's great , you guys have to go . Why ? It's just not a good time . Leonard has a lady over . Yeah , right , your grandmother back in town ? No . And she's not a lady , she's just a new neighbor . Hang on , there really is a lady here ? Uh-huh . And you want us out because you're anticipating coitus ? I'm not anticipating coitus . So she's available for coitus ? Can we please stop saying coitus ? Technically that would be coitus interruptus . Hey , is there a trick to getting it to switch from tub to shower ? Oh . Hi , sorry . Hello ! Enchante , Madamoiselle . Howard Wolowitz , Cal-Tech department of Applied Physics . You may be familiar with some of my work , it's currently orbiting Jupiter's largest moon taking high-resolution digital photographs . Penny . I work at the Cheesecake Factory . Come on , I'll show you the trick with the shower . Bon douche . I'm sorry ? It's French for good shower . It's a sentiment I can express in six languages . Save it for your blog , Howard . See-ka-tong-guay-jow .
