You know , in the future , when we're disembodied brains in jars , we're going to look back on this as eight hours well wasted . I don't want to be in a jar . I want my brain in an android body . Eight feet tall and ripped . I'm with you . I just have to make sure if I'm a synthetic human I'd still be Jewish . I promised my mother . I suppose you could have your android penis circumcised . But that's something your Rabbi would have to discuss with the manufacturers . Not to mention you'd have to power down on Saturdays . Sheldon , why is this letter in the trash ? Well , there's always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter , but Occam's Razor would suggest that someone threw it out . It's from the Institute for Experimental Physics . They want us to present our paper on the properties of super solids at the topical conference on Bowes-Einstein condensates . I know . I read it before I threw it out . Okay ... if I may drill down to the bedrock of my question , why did you throw it out . Because I have no interest in standing in the Rose Room of the Pasadena Marriott in front of a group of judgmental strangers , who wouldn't recognize true genius if it were standing in front of them giving a speech . Which , if I were there , it would be . I don't know , Sheldon , those topical conferences on Bowes-Einstein condensates parties are legendary . Forget the parties . Forget the parties ? What a nerd . Are there any other honors I've gotten that I don't know about ? Did UPS drop off a Nobel Prize with my name on it ? Leonard , please don't take this the wrong way , but the day you win a Nobel Prize , is the day I begin my research on the drag co-efficient of tassles on flying carpets . Hoo-hoo-hoo . The only thing missing from that insult was " yo mamma . " I've got one , hey Leonard , your mamma's research methodology is so flawed ... . Shut up , Howard . Sheldon , we have to do this . No we don't . We have to take in nourishment , expel waste , and inhale enough oxygen to keep ourselves from dying , everything else is optional . Okay , let me put it this way , I'm doing it . You can't . I'm the lead author . Oh , come on . The only reason you're the lead author is because we went alphabetically . I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact that it was my idea . Not to put too fine a point on it , but I was throwing you a bone . You're welcome . Excuse me , I designed the experiment that proved the hypothesis . It doesn't need proving . So the entire scientific community is just supposed to take your word ? They're not supposed to , but they should . Alright , I don't care what you say , I'm going to the conference and I'm presenting our findings . And I forbid it . You forbid it ? If I'm not taking credit for our work then nobody is . Oh , you admit that it's our work . No , once again , I'm throwing you a bone . And once again , you are welcome . Ah ! Oh no he dit'nt !
