Wooh , I'm all sweaty , anybody want to log on to second life and go swimming , I just built a virtual pool . No , I can't look at you or your avatar right now . Sounds like your neighbor's home . Excuse me . Don't forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you'd have an excuse to talk to her . Oh , right , right right right right . Stealing snail mail , very old school , I like it . Penny , the mailman did it again , he ... Oh ! Sorry . Um , no , hi Leonard , this is Doug , Doug , this is my neighbor Leonard . What's up bro . Not much . Bro . Is , is everything okay . Uh , yeah , uh , I just , I got your mail again , here . Thank you , I've got to talk to that mailman . Oh no , that's probably not such a good idea . Civil servants have a documented propensity to , you know , snap . Okay , well , thank you , again . No problem . Bye . Oh , and , bye , bro ! Penny for your thoughts . What's the matter . No , I'm fine . Penny's fine , the guy she's kissing is really fine and ... Kissing , what kind of kissing ? Cheeks ? Lips ? Chaste ? French ? What is wrong with you ? I'm a romantic . Please don't tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy . No , I'm not jealous , I'm just a little concerned for her . I didn't like the look of the guy that she was with . Because he looked better than you ? Yeah . He was kinda dreamy . Well , at least now you can retrieve the black box from the twisted smouldering wreckage that was once your fantasy of dating her , and analyze the data so that you don't crash into geek mountain again . I disagree , love is not a sprint , it's a marathon . A relentless pursuit that only ends when she falls into your arms . Or hits you with the pepper spray . Well , I'm done with Penny . I'm going to be more realistic and go after someone my own speed . Like who ? I don't know . Olivia Geiger ? The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye ? Yeah . Well , I don't think you have a shot there . I have noticed that Lesley Winkle recently started shaving her legs . Now , given that winter is coming one can only assume that she is signalling sexual availability . I don't know , you guys work in the same lab . So ? There are pitfalls , trust me , I know . When it comes to sexual harassment law I'm ... a bit of a self-taught expert . Look , Howard , if I were to ask Lesley Winkle out it would just be for dinner , I'm not going to walk into the lab , ask her to strip naked and dance for me . Oh , then you're probably okay .
