Here's the problem with teleportation . Lay it on me . Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of an individual in one location , and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly , you would not have actually transported the individual . You would have destroyed him in one location , and recreated him in another . How about that . Personally , I would never use a transporter . Because the original Sheldon would have to be disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon . Would the new Sheldon be in any way an improvement on the old Sheldon ? No , he would be exactly the same . That is a problem . So , you see it too . Dr Hofstadter , Dr Cooper . Gablehouser . Gentlemen , I'd like you to meet Dennis Kim . Dennis is a highly sought after Doctorial candidate and we're hoping to have him do his graduate work here . Graduate work , very impressive . And he's only fifteen years old . Not bad , I myself started graduate school at fourteen . Well , I lost a year while my family was tunnelling out of North Korea . Advantage Kim . I thought maybe you boys could show Dennis around , let him see why we're the best physics research facility in the country . I already know you're not . You don't have an open science grid computer , or a free electron laser , and the string theory research being done here is nothing but a dead end . Excuse me , that is my research , and it is by no means a dead end . Well , obviously you don't see it yet , but trust me , you will . Dennis , we discussed this , we're in the process of updating our equipment , and we welcome your input on our research goals , and we've agreed to look the other way if you want to use up to 20% of the grant money you attract to smuggle your grandfather out of Pyongyang . We want him here boys , make it happen . Yes sir . You can count on us , we're on it . What the hell do you mean , dead end . I mean , the whole landscape of false vacuums in string theory could be as large as ten to the five-hundredth power . In addition ... ooh , look , chocolate milk . I sense a disturbance in the force . A bad feeling I have about this , mmm-hmmm .
