eyes . I'm confused , did Sheldon stop giving milk ? You can't let this kid get to you . You always knew that someday someone would come along who was younger and smarter . Yes , but I assumed I would have been dead hundreds of years , and that there would be an asterisk by his name because he would be a cyborg . So , you've got a bit of competition , I really don't see what the big deal is . Well of course you don't , you've never excelled at anything . I don't understand , exactly how did he get any friends in the first place ? We liked Leonard . Well , what are you going to do , Sheldon , give up ? Yes . That's what a rational person does when his entire life's work is invalidated by a post-pubescent Asian wunderkind . He ceases his fruitless efforts , he donates his body to scientific research , and he waits to die . You know , I'm confused again , is he waiting , or do we get to shoot him between the eyes ? Hey . Hey . I've decided you're right . My career is not over . Great . But , since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless , I just have to find something else to focus on . Great . So I've decided , I'm going to collaborate with you . Great . What exactly is it you do ? I know you chatter on about it all the time , but I've never really paid attention . Okay , well , right now I'm designing an experiment to study the soft component of cosmic radiation at sea-level , but I really don't need any help . Oh , sure you do . Now , see , what's this here in the schematic , is that a laser array ? Yes . No . Hmmm . What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon ? It would blow up . Are you sure ? Pretty sure . Pretty sure's not very scientific , is this how you normally work , just hunches and guesses and stuff ? Okay , Sheldon , I understand that you're going through a bit of a career crisis , you're searching for some other area where you can feel valuable and productive but I need to tell you something and I want you to listen carefully . Alright . Go away . If you're concerned about sharing credit with me , you're name can go first ... I'm going .
