Damn you , walletnook.com . Problem ? The online description was completely misleading , they said eight slots plus removable ID , to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards , but they don't tell you the removable ID takes up one slot , it's a nightmare . Okay , now , do you really need the honorary Justice League of America membership card ? It's been in every wallet I've owned since I was five . Why ? It says keep this on your person at all times . It's right here under Batman's signature . And this is Leonard and Sheldon's apartment . Guess whose parents just got broadband . May I present , live from New Delhi , Dr and Mrs V. M. Koothrappali . Hi . Lift up the camera . I'm looking at his crotch . Sorry papa . Oh , there's much better . Hi . Hi ! And over here is Sheldon . Hi . He lives with Leonard . Oh , that's nice . Like Haroun and Tanweer . No , no , not like Haroun and Tanweer . Such sweet young men , they just adopted the cutest little Punjabi baby . Yeah , we're not like Haroun and Tanweer ! So are you boys academics like our son ? Yes . And your parents are comfortable with your limited earning potential ? Not at all . Papa , please don't start . God , it's just a question , he's so sensitive . Okay , that's my life , that's my friends , good to see you , say goodbye . Bye ! Wait , wait . Before you go we have good news . Put the computer down and gather your friends . What is it papa . Friends . Is it just me , or does webchatting with your clothes on seem a little pointless . Rajesh , do you remember Lalita Gupta ? The little fat girl that used to kick me in the samosas and call me untouchable . Yes . Well , now she's a dental student at USC , so we gave her your contact information . Why did you do that ? You're 26 years old Rajesh . We want grandchildren . But Papa , I'm not supposed ... Lalita's parents approve the match . If you decide on a spring wedding , we can avoid monsoon season . Spring wedding ? It's up to you dear , we don't want to meddle . If you don't want to meddle , then why are you meddling ? If I may , your parents probably don't consider this meddling , while arranged marriages are no longer the norm , Indian parents continue to have a greater than average involvement in their children's lives . Why are you telling me about my own culture ? You seemed confused . Sorry , Mommy , Papa , but with all due respect I really can't go through ... Sorry darling , we have to go . Doogie Howser is on . Grandma , it's Doogie time ! Bye bye . Bye bye . I don't believe it . Neither do I. Doogie Howser's been off the air for like , twenty years . Actually , I read somewhere that it's one of the most popular programs in India . It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one's children enter the medical profession . I bet you're right . I bet they love Scrubs . What's not to love ? Excuse me , hello ? My parents are trying to marry me off to a total stranger , what am I going to do ? I suggest you go through with it . What ? Romantic love as the basis for marriage has only existed since the nineteenth century . Up until then , arranged marriages were the norm , and it served society quite well . It's the entire premise of Fiddler on the Roof . I'm not a big fan of musicals , but I love that show . Me too . Of course , it speaks to me culturally . Understandable , but there's a universality to that story which transcends ethnicity . Let's not forget it's got some really catchy tunes . Okay , I know what I'm going to do . What ? Find new friends . So who wants to rent Fiddler ? No need , we have the special edition . Well , maybe we are like Haroun and Tanweer .
