I'm sorry , we cannot do this without Wolowitz . We can't order Chinese food without Wolowitz ? Let me walk you through it , our standard is , the steamed dumpling appetizer , General Tso's chicken , beef with broccoli , shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-mein . Do you see the problem ? I see problem . Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided amongst four people . So , we'll just order three entrees . Fine , what do you want to eliminate , and who gets the extra dumpling ? We could cut it into thirds . Then it is no longer a dumpling . Once you cut it open , it is at best a very small open-faced sandwich . Hi fellas . Oh , where's your annoying little friend who thinks he speaks Mandarin ? He's putting his needs ahead of the collective good . Where he comes from , that's punishable by death . I come from Sacramento . Can we get an order of dumplings , but with three instead of four . No substitutions . This isn't a substitution , it's a reduction . Okay , no reductions . Fine , bring us three orders of dumplings , that's twelve , we'll each have four . That works . No , if we fill up on dumplings we'll need to eliminate another entree . No eliminations . If we have extra , we'll just take the leftovers home . And divide it how ? I'm telling you , we cannot do this without Wolowitz . Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend . If you had let me invite Penny , then you would have had your fourth . Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food ? She uses a fork , and she double dips her egg rolls . We don't order egg rolls . Exactly , but we'd have to if she was here . Can we please make a decision , not only are there children starving in India , there's an Indian starving right here . Here's an idea , why don't we just go out for Indian food . No . Uurgh . You are nice boys . Tell you what I'm going to do . I'm going to bring you the four dumplings . When I'm walking over to the table , maybe I get bumped , one of the dumplings falls to the floor , no-one has to know . I'll know . How about soup ? Yeah , we can always divide soup . What about the won-tons ?
