I really don't understand your objections , Professor Goldfarb , why wouldn't the Senoran Desert make a perfectly good promised land ? Go away . We could call it Nuevo Cherusalem . Please go away . Said Pharoah to Moses . Why are all these young women here ? It's take your daughter to work day . Really , I was not aware of that . Oh , yes . There was a very official email that was sent to everyone whose insurance files indicated they had daughters between the ages of 14 and 16 . Hm ? Smooth . Thank you . There's the man of the hour . Okay , so we now have a socially awkward genius in a room full of attractive age-appropriate women . All he has to do now is hook up with one of them . Does anyone else see the flaw in this plan ? We need a social catalyst . Like what ? We can't get fifteen year-old girls drunk . Or can we ? No , we can't . I don't think you mean we can't . I think you mean we shouldn't . Hey , Howard . You're a Jew . If there was another wailing wall , exactly like the one in Jerusalem , but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs , would you still be able to wail at it ? Okay , it's definitely me . Okay , we cannot leave this to chance , lets pick a girl , and figure out how to get her together with Dennis . Okay . How about that one . Uh-uh . I know the type , cheerleader , student council , goes out with jocks , won't even look at anybody in the gifted program . And if , after two years of begging , she does agree to go out with you , it turns out to be a set-up and you're in the back seat of your mom's car with your pants off while the whole football team laughs at you . Are you crying ? No , I have allergies . Okay , uh , how about her ? Sure . If he wants to spend a couple of years doing her homework while she drinks herself into a stupor with non-fat White Russians , while you're the one holding her head out of the toilet while she's puking and telling you she wishes more guys were like you , and they she gets into Cornell because you wrote her essay for her , and you drive up to visit her one weekend and she acts like she doesn't even know you . Okay , so not her either . How about her ? Interesting , kind of pretty , a little chubby so probably low self-esteem . I think that's our girl . One of us should go talk to her . I can't talk to her , you do it . I can't just go up and talk to her . Howard , you talk to her . Oh no , she'll never go for the kid once she gets a peek at this . You know , if we were in India this would be simpler . Five minutes with her dad , twenty goats and a laptop and we'd be done . Well , we're not in India . Alright , why don't we do it your way then ? We'll arrange for this girl to move in across the hall from Dennis so he can pathetically moon over her for months on end . Okay , that was uncalled for . You started it , dude . Could I have everyone's attention please . What a wonderful occasion this is . And how fortunate that it should happen to fall on take your daughter to work day . We're here to welcome Mr Dennis Kim to our little family . Welcome Dennis Kim . Mr Kim was not only the valedictorian at Stamford University , he is also the youngest recipient of the prestigious Stephenson Award . Youngest till the cyborgs rise up ! And now , without any further ado , let me introduce the man of the hour , Mr Dennis Kim . Dennis ! Dennis ! What ? Would you like to tell us a little bit about your upcoming research . Um , no thanks . I'm going to the mall with Emma . Well , uh , well , uh ... . The kid got a girl . Unbelievable . Did anyone see how he did it ? Don't worry , I've got this . Ladies and Gentlemen , honored daughters . While Mr Kim , by virtue of his youth and naivety , has fallen prey to the inexplicable need for human contact , let me step in and assure you that my research will go on uninterrupted , and that social relationships will continue to baffle and repulse me . Thank you . He's back . Yeah , mission accomplished . Forget the mission , how did that little yutz get a girl on his own ? I guess times have changed since we were young . Smart is the new sexy . Well , why do we go home alone every night , we're still smart . Maybe we're too smart . So smart it's offputting . Yeah , let's go with that .
