There you go , Pad Thai , no peanuts . But does it have peanut oil ? Uh , I'm not sure , everyone keep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up . Since it's not bee season , you can have my epinephrine . Are there any chopsticks ? You don't need chopsticks , this is Thai food . Here we go . Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century . Interestingly they don't actually put the fork in their mouth , they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth . Ask him for a napkin , I dare you . I'll get it . Do I look puffy ? I feel puffy . Hey Leonard . Oh , hi Penny . Am I interrupting . No . You're not swelling , Howard . No , no , look at my fingers , they're like Vienna sausages . Sounds like you have company . They're not going anywhere . So , you're coming home from work . That's great . How was work . Well , you know , it's the Cheesecake Factory . People order cheesecake , and I bring it to them . So , you sort of act as a carbohydrate delivery system . Yeah , call it whatever you want , I get minimum wage . Yeah , anyways , I was wondering if you could help me out with something , I was ... . Yes . Oh . Okay , great , I'm having some furniture delivered tomorrow , and I may not be here , so ... . Oh ! Hel ...hello ! I'm sorry ? Haven't you ever been told how beautiful you are in flawless Russian ? No , I haven't . Get used to it . Yeah , I probably won't , but ... Hey Sheldon . Hi . Hey Raj ! Still not talking to me , huh ? Don't take it personally , it's his pathology , he can't talk to women . He can't talk to attractive women , or in your case a cheesecake-scented Goddess ! So , there's gonna be some furniture delivered ? Yeah , yeah , if it gets here and I'm not here tomorrow could you just sign for it and have them put it in my apartment . Yeah , no problem . Great , here's my spare key . Thank you . Penny , wait . Yeah ? Um , if you don't have any other plans , do you want to join us for Thai food and a Superman movie marathon ? A marathon ? Wow , how many Superman movies are there ? You're kidding , right ? Yeah , I do like the one where Lois Lane falls from the helicopter and Superman swooshes down and catches her , which one was that ? One . You realize that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy . Yes , I know , men can't fly . Oh no , let's assume that they can . Lois Lane is falling , accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second . Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel . Miss Lane , who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour , hits them , and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces . Unless , Superman matches her speed and decelerates . In what space , sir , in what space ? She's two feet above the ground . Frankly , if he really loved her , he'd let her hit the pavement . It would be a more merciful death . Excuse me , your entire argument is predicated on the assumption that Superman's flight is a feat of strength . Are you listening to yourself , it is well established that Superman's flight is a feat of strength , it is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings , an ability he derives from Earth's yellow Sun . Yeah , and you don't have a problem with that , how does he fly at night . Uh , a combination of the moon's solar reflection and the energy storage capacity of Kryptonian skin cells . I'm just going to go wash up . I have 26 hundred comic books in there , I challenge you to find a single reference to Kryptonian skin cells . Challenge accepted . We're locked out . Also , the pretty girl left .
