Just a heads up fellas , if anyone gets lucky I've got a dozen condoms in my quiver . Oh , hey guys . Hey , sorry we're late . Late ? It's 7 And you said the party starts at seven . Well , yeah , when you start a party at seven , no-one shows up at , you know , seven . It's 7 Yes . Yes it is . Okay , well , um , come on in . What , are all the girls in the bathroom ? Probably , but in their own homes . So what time does the costume parade start ? The parade ? Yeah , so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume , you know , most frightening , most authentic , most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle . Oh , Sheldon , I'm sorry but there aren't going to be any parades or judges or prizes . This party is just going to suck . No , come on , it's going to be fun , and you all look great , I mean , look at you , Thor , and , oh , Peter Pan , that's so cute . Actually , Penny , he's Rob ... I'm Peter Pan ! And I've got a handful of pixie dust with your name on it . No you don't . Oh , hey , what's Sheldon supposed to be . Oh , he's the Doppler Effect . Yes . It's the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between the source of the wave and the observer . Oh , sure , I see it now , the Doppler Effect . Alright , I've got to shower , you guys um , make yourselves comfortable . Okay . See , people get it . Mmmm , by Odin's beard , this is good Chex Mix . No thanks , peanuts , I can't afford to swell up in these tights . I'm confused . If there's no costume parade , what are we doing here ? We're socialising . Meeting new people . Telepathically ? Oh hey , when did you get here , Hi ! Penny is wearing the worst Catwoman costume I have ever seen , and that includes Halle Berry's . She's not Catwoman , she's just a generic cat . And that's the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition . Hey guys , check out the sexy nurse . I believe it's time for me to turn my head and cough . What is your move ? I'm going to use the mirror technique . She brushes her hair back , I brush my hair back , she shrugs , I shrug , subconsciously she's thinking we're in sync , we belong together . Where do you get this stuff ? You know , psychology journals , internet research , and there's this great show on VH1 about how to pick up girls . Oh , if only I had his confidence . I have such difficulty speaking to women . Or around women . Or at times , even effeminate men . If that's a working stethoscope , maybe you'd like to hear my heart skip a beat . No thanks . No , seriously , you can , I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia . I want to get to know Penny's friends , I just , I don't know how to talk to these people . Well , I actually might be able to help . How so ? Like Jane Goodall observing the apes , I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured , but patterns emerge , they have their own language if you will . Go on . Well , it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting " How wasted am I? " which is met with an approving chorus of " Dude . " Then what happens ? That's as far as I've gotten . This is ridiculous , I'm jumping in . Good luck . No , you're coming with me . Oh , I hardly think so . Come on . Aren't you afraid I'll embarrass you ? Yes . But I need a wing-man . Alright , but if we're going to use flight metaphors I'm much more suited to being the guy from the FAA , analyzing wreckage . Oh , Hi ! Hi . Hello . So , what are you supposed to be ? Me ? I'll give you a hint . Neeeeooooowwwww ! Uh , a choo-choo train ? Close ! Neeeeeoooooowwwww ! A brain damaged choo-choo train ? How wasted am I ? Neeeeeooooowwwwww ! I still don't get it . I'm the Doppler Effect . Okay , if that is some sort of learning disability , I think it's very insensitive . Why don't you just tell people you're a zebra ? Well , why don't you just tell people you're one of the seven dwarves . Because I'm Frodo . Yes , well , I'm the Doppler Effect . Oh no . What ? That's Penny's ex-boyfriend . What do you suppose he's doing here ? Besides disrupting the local gravity field . If he were any bigger , he'd have moons orbiting him . Oh , snap . So I guess we'll be leaving now . Why should we leave ? For all we know , he crashed the party and Penny doesn't even want him here . . You have a back-up hypothesis . Maybe they just want to be friends . Or maybe she wants to be friends , and he wants something more . Then he and I are on equal ground . Yes , but you're much closer to it than he is . Look , if this was 15,000 years ago , by virtue of his size and strength , Kurt would be entitled to his choice of female partners . And male partners . Animal partners . Large primordial eggplants , pretty much whatever tickled his fancy . Yes , but our society has undergone a paradigm shift , in the information age , Sheldon , you and I are the alpha males . We shouldn't have to back down . True . Why don't you text him that and see if he backs down ? No . I'm going to assert my dominance face to face . Face to face ? Are you going to wait for him to sit down , or are you going to stand on a coffee table ? Hello Penny . Hello Kurt . Oh , hey guys . You having a good time ? Given the reaction to my costume , this party is a scathing indictment of the American education system . What , you're a zebra , right ? Yet another child left behind . And what are you supposed to be , an Elf ? No , I'm a Hobbit . What's the difference ? Uh , a Hobbit is a mortal Halfling inhabitant of Middle Earth , whereas an Elf is an immortal tall warrior . So why the hell would you want to be a Hobbit ? Because he is neither tall nor immortal , and none of us could be The Flash . Well , whatever , why don't you go hop off on a quest , I'm talking to Penny here . I think we're all talking to Penny here . I'm not . No offence . Okay , maybe you didn't hear me , go away . Alright Kurt , be nice . Aw , I am being nice . Right little buddy . Kurt ! Okay , I understand your impulse to try to physically intimidate me . I mean , you can't compete with me on an intellectual level and so you're driven to animalistic puffery . Are you calling me a puffy animal ? Of course not , no , he's not , you're not , right Leonard ? No , I said animalistic . Of course we're all animals , but some of us have climbed a little higher on the evolutionary tree . If he understands that , you're in trouble . So what , I'm unevolved ? You're in trouble . You know , you use a lot of big words for such a little dwarf . Okay , Kurt , please . No , Penny , it's okay , I can handle this . I'm not a dwarf , I'm a Hobbit . A Hobbit . Are misfiring neurons in your hippocampus preventing the conversion from short-term to long-term memory ? Okay , now you're starting to make me mad . A homo-habilis discovering his opposable thumbs says what ? What ? I think I've made my point . Yeah , how about I make a point out of your pointy little head . Let me remind you , while my moral support is absolute , in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless . There's not going to be a confrontation , in fact I doubt if he can even spell confrontation . C - O - N ... frontation ! Kurt , put him down this instant . He started it . I don't care , I'm finishing it , put him down . Fine . You're one lucky little leprechaun . He's a Hobbit ! I've got your back . Leonard , are you okay . Yeah , no , I'm fine . It's good , it's a good party , thanks for having us , it's just getting a little late so ... . Oh , okay , alright , well thank you for coming . Happy Halloween . If it's any consolation , I thought that homo-habilus line really put him in his place .
