See , the liquid metal Terminators were created in the future by Skynet , and Skynet was developed by Miles Dyson , but that future no longer exists , due to Dyson's death in Terminator 2 . Okay , then riddle me this . Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor , why would Skynet , an artificial computer intelligence , bother to create a petite hot 17 year-old killer robot ? Skynet is kinky ? I don't know . Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes . Alright , oh wait , they use it to in ... , too late , I win . Let's go-oh-oh Ou-oooo-ut tonight . I have to go-oh-oh-oh ou-ooooo-ut tonight . What the hell is that ? I don't know , but if cats could sing , they'd hate it too . . You wanna prowl , be my night owl , we'll take my ... Hey guys , hi ! Where you going ? What ? Oh we just had to ... mail some letters and throw away some chicken . You'll never guess what just happened . Oh , I give up . I don't guess . As a scientist I reach conclusions based on observation and experimentation , although as I'm saying this it occurs to me you may have been employing a rhetorical device rendering my response moot . What was that ? Believe it or not , personal growth . What happened ? Alright , remember when I auditioned for that workshop production of Rent , but I didn't get it and I couldn't figure out why ? I have a conclusion based on an observation . No you don't . No he doesn't . Well , the girl they picked to play Mimi , she dropped out and they asked me to replace her . Oh , congratulations , what a lucky break . It's not a big deal , just a one night showcase , but they invite a lot of casting people and agents so , you never know . I think I know . No you don't . He doesn't . It's this Friday at eight , you guys want to come ? No . Because ... . uh , Friday , we are attending a symposium on molecular positronium . I think that's a week from Tuesday at six . No , it's this Friday , at eight . Oh , too bad , well , I got to get to rehearsal , see you guys . See you . You just lied to Penny . Yes , I did . And you did it so casually , no rapid breathing , no increase in perspiration . So ? So , lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath . Sheldon , are you worried about your safety . No , I imagine if you were going to kill me you'd have done it a long time ago . That's very true .
