Sheldon ? Your mom made dinner . I'm not hungry . Oh , Leonard , don't trouble yourself , he's stubborn . He may stay in there 'til the Rapture . Are we so sure that's a bad thing ? I'll tell ya , I love the boy to death , but he has been difficult since he fell out of me at the K-Mart . Excuse me for being so bold , but I now see where Sheldon gets his smouldering good looks . Oh , honey that ain't going to work , but you keep trying . I made chicken , I hope that isn't one of the animals that you people think is magic ? You know , we have an Indian gentleman at our church , a Dr Patel , it's a beautiful story , the lord spoke to him , and moved him to give us all 20% off on lasic , you know , those that needed it . That is a lovely story , um , are we going to do anything about Sheldon ? Oh , we will , you have to take your time with Sheldon . His father , God rest his soul , used to say to me , Mary , you have to take your time with Sheldon . Sounds like a wise man . Oh , not so wise , he was trying to fight a bobcat for some licquorish . So , everybody grab a plate , and a pretty place mat that Shelly wove . Has Shelly ever freaked out like this before . Oh , all the time , I remember one summer when he was thirteen , he built a small nuclear reactor in the shed and told everybody he was going to provide free electricity for the whole town , well the only problem was he had no , whatchacall , fissionable materials . Anyway , when he went on the internets to get some , a man from the government came by and sat him down real gentle and told him it's against the law to have yellow cake uranium in a shed . What happened ? Well , the poor boy had a fit , locked himself in his room and built a sonic death ray . A death ray ? Well , that's what he called it , didn't even slow down the neighbor kids . It pissed our dog off to no end . You know , you two make a cute couple . No , we're not , we're not , not a couple , two singles , like those individually wrapped slices of cheese that ... . are friends . Did I pluck a nerve there ? Oh yeah . Okay . Alright everybody , it's time to eat . Oh Lord , we thank you for this meal , all your bounty , and we pray that you help Sheldon get back on his rocker . Now after a moment of silent meditation I'm going to end with " In Jesus' Name " but you two don't feel any obligation to join in . Unless , of course , the holy spirit moves you . Oh my God , this is the best cobbler I've ever had . It was always Sheldon' s favorite . You know what the secret ingredient is ? Love ? Lard . Hey , look who's come out ... . Shhh ! You'll spook him . He's like a baby deer , you gotta let him come to you . This is ridiculous . Dammit , Sheldon , snap out of it . You're a physicist , you belong at the University doing research , not hiding in your room . You don't hunt , do you ?
