Oh hey Penny , wow , look at you , all ready for your showcase , you look great . Thanks . I just wanted to come by and wish you guys luck with your symposium . Oh , well , thankyou . You know , I got to tell you , a lot of friends would let their friend go alone , but that's not who you are , you are the kind of guy who stands by a friend when ... when he has a symposium to go to . I don't know what to say . It's okay , Leonard Oh , okay , alright , good . Oh boy , group hug . Uh-huh ! Uh-huh ? Uh-huh ! Okay . So what's up ? Well , uh , Penny is on her way to perform in a one night showcase production of Rent , which we are unable to attend because we are going to a symposium on molecular positronium , given by Dr Emile Farminfarmian . Wait a minute , Farminfarmian is speaking and you're Bogarding the symposium . Howard , I'm sorry ... we're ... we're No , no , you're quark-blocking us . I don't know what to say . Wow . Howard , listen ... No , it's okay , it's your Millenium Falcon , you and Chewbacca do whatever you want to do . Me and Princess Leia here will find some other way to spend the evening . Howard , wait . Sheldon , I think we should tell them . Okay , sure . I don't see a problem with that . There's no symposium , Leonard lied to me , isn't that right Leonard . Well ... I don't know what to say . It's okay , I do , look , Leonard is helping Sheldon through a family crisis , he made up the whole story about the symposium with Dr Farmin..farm ...ian Good for you . Hah , yeah ! Because he didn't want Sheldon to be embarrassed , and there is nothing to be embarrassed okay , every family in America has a relative holed up in a garage somewhere huffing paint thinner . No , I'm lost too , I think she skipped a step . No , look , Sheldon's cousin Leo escaped rehab , and he's in a Motel 8 at Long Beach , the whole family's going out for an intervention . Leonard is driving Sheldon down there to help him through this because he's such a good man . Oh , another hug , thank you . Alright you guys , good luck . Thanks Penny . Yeah , uh , break a leg . Break a leg . So , road trip to Long Beach . No , we're not going to Long Beach . Why not ? Because Sheldon doesn't have a drug addicted cousin Leopold . Oh , too bad . I've always wanted to go to Long Beach . It's a very nice community . The Queen Mary is docked there , once the largest ocean liner in the world , it's now a hotel and restaurant where they host a surprisingly gripping murder mystery dinner . Sounds fun . I'm game . Shotgun . No , no , no , Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front , and even then it's iffy . Wait , are we really going to Long Beach ?
