So , in conclusion , the data show that at temperatures approaching absolute zero , the moment of inertia changes , and the solid becomes a super-solid , which clearly appears to be a previously unknown state of matter . Thank you . Are there any questions ? Yeah . What the hell was that ? Any other questions ? Doctor Sheldon Cooper here , I am the lead author of this particular paper . Thank you . And you , sir , you have completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park , and I saw these children on a merry-go-round , which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at temperatures approaching absolute zero . I didn't skip it , it's just an anecdote . It's not science . Oh , I see , was the apple falling on Newton's head , was that just an anecdote ? You are not Isaac Newton . No , no that's true , gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple . You cannot possibly be that arrogant . You continue to underestimate me , my good man . Look , if you weren't happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with me . As I have explained repeatedly , unlike you , I don't need validation from lesser minds . No offence . Really , so why did you come ? Because I knew you'd screw this up . I didn't screw it up . Oh , please . I admit , that spherical chicken joke , that was hilarious . But it was straight downhill from there . I've had enough of your condescension . Maybe I didn't go to college when I was eleven like you , maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16 , but you are not the only person who is smarter than everyone else in this room . No offense . And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation . So you admit that you're an egotist ? Yes . My name is Dr Leonard Hofstadter , and I could never please my parents so I need to get all my self-esteem from strangers like you . But he's worse . Okay , that is it . You cannot blow up my head with your mind . Then I'll settle for an aneurysm . Stop it . You hit me . You saw him , he hit me . You were trying to blow up my head . So it was working . It wasn't , it was not , you are a nutcase . Oh we'll see about that , heads up you people in the front row , this is a splash zone . Stop , stop it , quit it . Is this usually how these physics things go ? More often than you'd think . Vulcan nerve pinch !
