Watch this , it's really cool . Call Leonard Hofstadter . Did you say , call Helen Boxleitner ? No . Call Leonard Hofstadter . Did you say , call Temple Beth Sader . No . Here , let me try . Call McFlono McFloonyloo . Heh-heh . Calling Rajesh Koothrappali . . Oh , that's very impressive . And a little racist . If we're all through playing mock the flawed technology , can we get on with Halo night , we were supposed to start at eight , it is now 8:06 . So ? We'll start now . Yes , first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time , bathroom time or the pizza break . We can split it two , two and two . If we're having anchovies on the pizza we can't take it out of bathroom time . Oh , what fresh hell is this ? Hey Penny , come on in . Hey guys . See a Penny , pick her up , and all the day you'll have good luck . No you won't . Uh , can I hide out here for a while . Sure . What's going on . Well , there's this girl I know from back in Nebraska , Christy , well anyway she called me up and she's like " Hey , how's California, " and I'm like " Awesome " 'cause , you know , it's not Nebraska , and the next thing I know she's invited herself out here to stay with me . 8:08 Anyway , she got here today , and she's just been in my apartment , yakkety-yakking about every guy she's slept with in Omaha , which is basically every guy in Omaha , and washing the sluttiest collection of underwear you have ever seen in my bathroom sink . Well , is she doing it one thong at a time , or does she just throw it all in , like some sort of erotic bouillabaisse ? He really needs to dial it down . So , if you don't like this Christy , why are you letting her stay ? Well , she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother , so she's kind of family . You know , I apologize for my earlier outburst , who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha ? Oh , I don't think she's a whore . No , yeah she's definitely a whore . I mean , she has absolutely no standards , this one time , she was at ... Where's Howard ? Bonjour mademoiselle , I understand you're new in town . Oh good grief .
