Okay , here you go , Leonard , one tequila sunrise . Thank you . This drink is a wonderful example of how liquids with different specific gravities interact in a cylindrical container . Thank you . Okay , Raj , what'll it be ? Whatever you recommend . Uh , how about a grasshopper . I make a mean grasshopper . Okay ? Good . Coming up . Sheldon , what are you going to have ? I'll have a diet coke . Okay , can you please order a cocktail , I need to practice mixing drinks . Fine . I'll have a virgin cuba libre . That's , um , rum and coke without the rum . Yes , So coke . Yes . And would you make it diet ? There's a can in the fridge . A cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge . Then swim to Cuba . Bartenders are supposed to have people skills . Okay , Raj , here you go . Alright , who's next ? I'd like to try a slippery nipple . Okay , you're cut off . Anybody need a refill ? Where did my life go , Penny ? One day I'm a carefree bachelor , and the next I'm married and driving a minivan to peewee cricket matches in suburban New Delhi . A ... are you talking to me ? Is there another Penny here ? I had such plans . I had dreams . I was going to be the Indira Gandhi of particle astro-physics . But with a penis , of course . It's amazing . Ever since I was a little boy my father wanted me to be a gynaecologist like him . How can I be a gynaecologist , I can barely look a woman in the eye . You know what , I'm not going to let my parents control my future any longer , it's time for a showdown . Somebody give me a computer with a webcam . Okay , sweetie , I think that's the grasshopper talking . And it's about to tell my parents that I'm not riding an elephant down the aisle with Lalita Gupta . Okay , calm down , no-one can make you get married . Why don't you just meet this girl and , see what happens . Haven't you been listening to me , I cannot talk to women . Um ... Raj . No , no , let's see how long it takes him . Um , Raj , honey , you say you can't talk to women but ... you've been talking to me . And now we'll never know . You're right . I ... I am talking to you . Hello Penny , how are you ? I'm fine . Okay , now I just need to make sure I have a Lalita before I meet the grasshopper . It's a sweet green miracle . Okay , if you're going to drink on this date just promise me you won't overdo it . Overdo what ? Happiness ? Freedom ? This warm glow inside of me that promises everything is going to be all hunky donkey ? Yeah , that . Uh , why don't you bring her to my restaurant when I'm tending the bar so I can keep an eye on you ? Okay . Wait a minute , what's the plan here ? Let's say he meets her and he likes her and they get married , what's he going to do , stay drunk for the rest of his life ? Worked for my parents .
