You told her I lied , why would you tell her I lied ? To help you . I'm sorry , I'm not seeing the help . She was going to see through your lie eventually , so I told her that you were lying to protect me . Oh , I'm getting a bad feeling . Hunger ? Indigestion , I'm sorry I'm really not very good at this . Anyway , Penny now believes that on Friday night , we're going to participate in my cousin Leopold's drug intervention . Your cousin Leopold ? Yea , who most people call Leo , but he also answers to Lee , remember that , it's important . What's important ? Details , Leonard , the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details . Do you have a cousin Leopold . No , I made him up . I think you'd call him Lee . I don't get it , I already told her a lie , why replace it with a different lie ? Well , first of all , your lie was laughably transparent , where mine is exquisitely convoluted . While you were sleeping I was weaving an un-unravelable web . Un-unravelable ? Yes , if she googles Leopold Houston she'll find a facebook page , an online blog depicting his descent into drug use , and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e-harmony.com . Okay , why would I go to a drug intervention for your cousing . Ah , because it's in Long Beach , and I don't drive . We're going to Long Beach ? No , of course not , there's no cousin Leo , there's no intervention , focus Leonard . Oh , come on ! We just leave the house on Friday night , and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab . So he goes back into rehab ? Yes , but , he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again . You still told her I lied . For a noble purpose , to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug-addled first cousin , which I'm assuming is embarrassing , yes ? I don't know . How am I supposed to remember all of this . That's the best part , you don't have to , see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed , if you knew that she found out that you had lied , so she's agreed to operate as if the original lie was still in force . So she's expecting me to lie about going to a symposium in Pasadena , when in actuality we're pretending to go to a drug intervention in Long Beach ? Un-unravelable .
