What are you doing ? Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment , I have awakened at 6:15 , poured myself a bowl of cereal , added a quarter cup of 2% milk , sat on this end of this couch , turned on [[BBC America]] and watched Doctor Who . Penny's still sleeping . Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment , I have awakened at 6:15 , poured myself a bowl of cereal ... I know , I know , look , you have a TV in your room , why don't you just have breakfast in bed ? Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mother's Day . Uh , what time is it ? Almost 6:30 . I slept all day ? Oh , no , it's 6:30 in the morning . What the hell is your problem ? Okay , this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity , I now have a bowl of shredded wheat paste . Hola , nerd-migos . Why do you people hate sleep ? Are you wearing my robe ? Oh , yeah , sorry , I'll have it cleaned . That's okay , keep it . Where's Christy . In the shower . Oh , by the way , where did you get that loofah mitt ? Yours reaches places that mine just won't . Y-you used my loofah ? More precisely used your loofah . I exfoliated her brains out ! You can keep that too . Ah , well then we'll probably need to talk about your stuffed bear collection . Howard ? In here my lady . Mmmm , there's my little engine that could . chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka . Well there's one beloved children's book I'll never read again . Hi . Christy . Leonard . I'm Sheldon Right , you're Howard's entourage . Uh , so Christy , what are your plans ? Oh , well , Howard said he'd take me shopping in Beverley Hills . Yeah , no , I meant plans to find some place to live . Other than with me , not that I don't love having you , but it's ... a little crowded . Penny , you're always welcome to stay with us . Oh , terrific , now we're running a cute little B&B . Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here , why doesn't Christy stay with me ? For one thing you live with your mother . I do not , my mother lives with me . Well then , it's all settled , Christy will stay with Howard , Penny can go back to her apartment , and I'll watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who , although at this point it's more like Doctor Why Bother . Sheldon you just can't dictate ... No more talking , everybody go ! So , what do you say , you wanna repair to Casa Wolowitz ? What is that , like a Mexican deli ? I'm sorry , I should have mentioned this earlier , my last name is Wolowitz . Oh , that's so cool . My first Jew ! I imagine there aren't many kosher corn-huskers . But you're still taking me shopping , right ? Anything you want . Okay , I'll go pack my stuff . When they perfect human cloning , I'm going to order twelve of those . Howard , can't you see she's using you ? Who cares ? Last night she pulled off her blouse and I wept ! Look , Howard , I know her , okay , she'll have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her things . Really ? Yeah . Yay ! If you'll excuse me , I have some Bar-Mitzvah bonds to cash .
