So are the rest of the guys meeting us here ? Oh , yeah , no . Turns out that Raj and Howard had to work , and Sheldon had a colonoscopy and he hasn't quite bounced back yet . Ooh , my uncle just had a colonoscopy . You're kidding , well , then , that's something we have in common . How ? We both have people in our lives who ... want to nip intestinal polyps in the bud . So , what's new in the world of physics ? Nothing . Really , nothing ? Well , with the exception of string theory , not much has happened since the 1930's , and you can't prove string theory , at best you can say " hey , look , my idea has an internal logical consistency . " Ah . Well I'm sure things will pick up . What's new at the Cheesecake Factory ? Oh , uh , not much . We do have a chocolate key lime that's moving pretty well . Good . Good . And what about your , uh , hallway friend . Doug ? Oh , yeah , I dunno , I mean , he's nice and funny , but ... Can I get you started with some drinks ? No , You were saying , but ... I'd like a drink . Just say the but thing about Doug and then I'll get her back . Okay , well , you know , it's just me . I'm still getting over this break-up with Kurt , and this thing with Doug would be just rebound sex . Ugh , don't get me started on rebound sex . It's just , it's my pattern . I break up , then I find some cute guy , and then it's just thirty six meaningless of ... well , you know . I'm not sure that I do . Um , is that one thirty-six hour experience , or is it thirty six hours spread out over say , one ... glorious summer . No , it's usually over a weekend , and trust me , you do not feel good after it . Well , chafing , right ? Emotionally . Of course , yeah , emotional chafing . Hey , do you want to see something cool ? I can make this olive go into this glass without touching it . How ? Physics . . Wow , centrifugal force ! Actually , it's centripetal force , which is an inward force generated by the glass acting on the olive . Excuse me . Now , if you were riding on the olive , you'd be in a non-inertial reference frame , and would Are you okay ? Yeah , I'm okay . Did you spill ketchup ? No . I'm not okay .
