I can't believe I'm sitting here next to little Lalita Gupta . Well , you are . Little Lalita . That's kind of fun to say . Little Lalita , Little Lalita , Little Lalita , you should try it . No , it's okay . You have lost so much weight ! That must have been difficult for you because you were so , so fat ! Do you remember ? Yes , I do . Of course you do . Who could forget being that fat ? Well , I've been trying . So you're a dental student ? Hmm , are you aware that dentists have an extremely high suicide rate ? Not as high as , say , air traffic controllers , but then there are far more dentists than air traffic controllers , so in pure numbers you're still winning . Yay me ! You have a drink that'll make him less obnoxious ? Drinks do not work that way . I'd say he was doing fine , look at her , last girl my mom set me up with had a moustache and a vestigial tail . Sorry I'm late . What happened ? Nothing , I just really didn't want to come . Virgin diet cuba libre please . Okay . In a tall glass , with a lime wedge . Oh , I'll wedge it right in there . So , how's Koothrappali d ... . oh my Lord . What ? That's Princess Punchali . I'm pretty sure her name's Lalita . No , no , Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess . Oh , yeah , I tried to watch that online , but they wanted a credit card . It's a children's story . Oh , no it isn't . When I was a little boy and got sick , which was most of the time , my mother would read it to me . It's about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey , who was mocked by all the other monkeys because he was different . For some reason I related to it quite strongly . I know the reason . We all know the reason . Sheldon , what are you getting at ? That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book . How often does one see a beloved fictional character come to life ? Every year at Comic Con . Every day at Disneyland you can hire Snow White to come to your house . Course they prefer it if you have a kid , but ... Hey guys . This is Lalita Gupta , Lalita this is Leonard and Sheldon and Howard and Penny . Isn't it great , she isn't fat any more ! Forgive me your highness , for I am but a monkey , and it is in my nature to climb . I did not mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair . I'm sorry ? You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali . Oh , no kidding ? Oh , who is that ? A beloved character from an Indian folk tale . Oh . Us Indian , or " come to our casino " Indian ? You Indian . Oh . The resemblance is remarkable . I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your ebony hair . Thanks . I imagine you smell very nice too . I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can . Really , so do I. But you're a dentist , he's nuts . Don't be insulting Rajesh . So , Sheldon , tell me more about this princess you say I look like . It was said that the gods fashioned her eyes out of the stars , and that roses were ashamed to bloom in the presence of her ruby lips . Oh my . Back off Sheldon . What ? If you do not stop hitting on my lady you will feel the full extent of my wrath . I'm not hitting on her . And I am not your lady . And you have no wrath . You are my lady . Our parents said so . We are for all intents and purposes one hundred percent hooked up . Okay , let's get something straight here . The only reason I came tonight was to get my parents off my case , I certainly don't need to be getting this old world crap from you . Exactly the kind of spirit with which Princess Punchali led the monkeys to freedom . Oh , screw Princess Punchali . Hey , you can't talk to me like that . But you're not Princess Punchali . Luckily for you , she could have you beheaded . Sheldon , are you hungry ? I could eat . Let's go . What just happened ? Beats the hell out of me . I'll tell you what just happened , I just learned how to pick up Indian chicks .
