How do I look ? Could you be more specific ? Can you tell I'm perspiring a little ? No . The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely . What time is your date ? Six thirty . Perfect , that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of Aramis to dissipate . Is it too much ? Not if you're a rugby team . By the way , if it should ever come up , you didn't join us because you stuffed yourself with a chicken carbonara sub at Quizznos . Why would I join you ? No reason . Oh , you know what , maybe this isn't such a good idea . Oh , no , no , no , well now , there's always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgment on her part might lead to a nice romantic evening . You're right , alcohol , poor judgment , it could go well . Of course , there's the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code . You could have stopped at " it could go well . " If I could of , I would of . I mean , I'm a perfectly nice guy . There's no reason we couldn't go to the restaurant and have a lovely dinner . Maybe take a walk afterwards , talk about things we have in common , " you love pottery ? I love pottery! " You know , there's a pause , we both know what's happening , I lean in , we kiss , it's a little tentative at first but then I realize , she's kissing me back , and she's biting my lower lip , you know , she wants me , this thing is going the distance , we're going to have sex ! Oh God ! Oh , my God ! Is the sex starting now ? I'm having a panic attack . Oh , okay , well then , calm down . If I could calm down I wouldn't be having a panic attack , that's why they call it a panic attack . Alright , alright , well , just , sit down , yes , sit down , now close your eyes . Why ? Just do it . Okay . Now try to increase your alpha-wave activity . What ? It's a bio-feedback technique , it's relaxation through brain-wave manipulation , I read a paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience , it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the basic science is valid , I probably have it here somewhere . Oh , who am I kidding , I can't go through with this , you need to call her and cancel . Me ? Yes . What should I tell her . I don't know . Tell her I'm sick . Okay . Not the kind of illness that will make her want to come over and take care of me , but nothing so critical that she'll feel uncomfortable going out with me in the future if I want to try this again . Got it . So I'm assuming nothing venereal . I'll just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy and haven't quite bounced back . Give me the phone . But I thought you wanted to cancel ? I can't because if I don't show up she'll still be expecting you . Why would she be expecting me ? Stop asking me all these questions , I need to take another shower .
