Ugh , I cannot believe Christy let Howard into my apartment . And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes , but on a more serious note it's 8:13 , and we're still not playing Halo . Okay , fine , we'll just play one on one until he gets back . One on one ? We don't play one on one , we play teams , not one on one . One on one ! Well the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut Raj in half . Oh , sure , cut the foreigner in half , there's a billion more where he came from . Hey , if you guys need a fourth , I'll play . Great idea . Uh , no . The wheel was a great idea . Relativity was a great idea . This is a notion , and a rather sucky one at that . Why ? Why ? Oh , Penny , Penny , Penny . Oh , what , what , what ? This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve , there are myriad weapons , vehicles and strategies to master , not to mention an extremely intricate back-story . Oh cool , whose head did I just blow off ? Mine . Okay , I got this . Lock and load , boys . It's the only way we can play teams . Yes , but whoever's her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to mention that fact that sh ... . Ha-ha , there goes your head again . Okay , this isn't at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody who's just respawned , you need to give them a chance to-- Now , come on ! Raj , Raj , she's got me cornered , cover me . Cover this , suckers . Ha-ha-ha ! Penny , you are on fire . Yeah , so is Sheldon . Okay , that's it , I don't know how , but she is cheating . No-one can be that attractive and be this skilled at a video game . Wait , wait , Sheldon , come back , you forgot something . What ? This plasma grenade . Ha ! Look , it's raining you ! You laugh now , you just wait until you need tech support . Gosh , he's kind of a sore loser , isn't he ? Well , to be fair , he is also a rather unpleasant winner . Well , it's been fun . You know , Penny , we make such a good team , maybe we could enter a couple of Halo tournaments sometime . Or we could just have a life . I guess for you that's an option . Good night , Leonard . Good night . As usual , nice talking to you Raj What do you suppose she meant by that ? She's an enigma , Raj . And another thing , there's a certain ethic to the game , Penny , a well estab ... She's gone , Sheldon . Well she could have said goodbye . Okay , I have a problem . It's called carpal tunnel syndrome , and quite frankly you deserve it . What's wrong ? Um , well , Howard and Christy are ... kind of ... hooking up in my bedroom . Are you sure ? Look , I grew up on a farm , okay , from what I heard they're either having sex or Howard's caught in a milking machine . Do you mind if I stay here tonight ? No , take the couch , or my bed , I just got new pillows , hypo-allergenics . Uh , the couch is good . Hold that thought . Leonard , a moment . Let me guess , you have a problem with this ? Where do I begin ? It's up to you , crazy person's choice . Well first , we don't have house guests . Frankly , if I could afford the rent , I'd ask you to leave . Your friendship means a lot to me as well . What else ? Well , our earthquake supplies , we have a two man , two day kit . So ? So , if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here , we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon . I'm sorry , are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism ? No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does . Penny , if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep , you can stay . Hu ... what ? He's engaging in . It's the logical fallacy of extending someone's argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticizing the result , and I do not appreciate it . I'll get you a blanket and a pillow . Okay , well since I'm obviously being ignored here , let's go over the morning schedule , I use the bathroom from 7 to 7:20 . Plan your oblutions and bodily functions accordingly . How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions ? I suggest no liquids after 11pm . Here you go . Thanks Leonard . Hmmph , wrong . I'm listening . Your head goes on the other end . Why ? It's culturally universal . A bed , even a temporary bed , is always oriented with the headboard away from the door . It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders . I'll risk it . Hm ! Anything else I should know ? Yes . If you use my toothbrush , I'll jump out that window . Please don't come to my funeral . Have a good night . Sorry about that . That's okay . FYI , his toothbrush is the red one in the plexiglass case under the UV light . Got it . Well , sleep tight . Thanks . Funny expression , sleep tight . It refers to the early construction of beds which featured a mattress suspended on interlocking ropes which would occasionally ... Sleep tight .
