Morning . Who are you ? I am Sheldon's cousin Leo . Oh , God ! Sheldon does not have a cousin Leo . Au contraire . I'm 26 years old , I'm originally from Denton , Texas , but I was a Navy brat so I was brought up on a variety of military bases around the world , as a result I've often felt like an outsider , never really fitting in , which is probably the reason for my substance abuse problem . Excuse me , we just went over this . As the quintessential middle child , your addiction is rooted in your unmet need for attention . Oh , Sheldon , are we really going to go with pop psychology . For your information , this is all based on solid research , stick with the character profile I wrote for you . Sheldon ? I'm sorry , Leonard , this is Toby Loobenfeld , he's a research assistant in the particle physics lab , but he also minored in theater at MIT . It was more of a double major actually . Theater and physics . You can guess which one my bourgeois parents pushed me towards . Yeah , I got it , Sheldon , why ? Well , you see , while Leo would not have gone into rehab , it is completely plausible that we would have talked him into leaving the motel , and coming home with us . Oh ... ! Sheldon , how about this as my motivation . When I was fourteen years old I was abused in the Philippines by a club footed Navy chaplain . No . We're going with middle child , and a generic predisposition to inadequate serotonin production . Swell , how do I play genetic predisposition ? Subtextually , of course . Just have fun with it . Morning Penny . Hi . How did the intervention go . Unfortunately , we weren't able to convince him to go to rehab . Well , based on what you told me , I'm not surprised . But we did convince him to leave the motel . Come say hello . Leo , this is Penny , our friend and neighbor . Hi Leo , how are you feeling ? Let me ask you something , Penny . Have you ever woken up in a fleabag motel , covered in your own vomit , next to a transsexual prostitute ? No . Then don't ask me how I'm feeling . Well , that's Leo . Hey , um , why don't you tell me about your showcase last night ? Oh , it was okay I guess , wasn't a big turn out but they both really seemed to like it . There were only two people there ? By the end . Yeah . Damn you , Chaplain Horrigan ! I'm ... I'm sorry . The Philippines . 1992 . The Subic Bay Naval Station . A young boy on the cusp of manhood . His only companions mongrel dogs and malarial mosquitos . Desperate and alone he reached out to a man who promised to introduce him to a merciful , loving God , but who instead introduced him to a gin pickled tongue shoved down his adolescent throat . What choice did he have but to drink , shoot and snort his pain away . Don't forget his genetic predisposition towards addiction . That's never been proven . There have been studies . Not double blind studies . How could there be a double blind study , who would be the control group . As you can see , detoxing can get pretty ugly , let's give them some privacy . Yeah . Hey , do you want to come over to my place , have coffee ? Sounds good . I have a video of me singing last night , do you want to see it ? Gee , why wouldn't I ? This is even better than you coming to the showcase , because now I get to watch you watch me . Yeah ! Funny how things work out . And that he loved the companionship and the wisdom that his own father failed to provide . Your parents made the right decision . I cannot work like this !
